  							 GRAMIN BANK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

Product : Banking Management System

Services Offered :
1. Registration of the User.
2. Login to your account.
3. Deposit Money into your account.
4. Withdraw Money from your account.
5. Check Balance of your account.
6. Account Details
7. Log out
8. Deactivate your account.

Class Design:
Services--------> Login -------> Main
Address----->New User-----------------------> Main

Storage:
Linked List and Files(storage.txt ).

Detailed Description of Services:

Main Menu has 2 options - 1. New User Registration (Create new Account).
			  2. Log In (Existing User Serivces).
                                                      3. Save and Exit.

1. Create Account - To Create a new account User have to provide some essential information as-
		    	1. Name
			2. Address
			3. User have to create a Phone No., using which user can log in to the system for further operations.
			4. User have to create a PIN, using which user can log in to the system for further operations.
			5. Phone Number
			6. Adhaar Card Number
			7. PAN
			8. Initial Deposit

2. Login - To login into his/her account User have to enter the Phone no., which was created at the time of registration. Alongwith Phone No. user also has to enter the correct PIN, which 
           he/she has created at time of registration.
 
After Logging in successfully, User will be displayed a menu offering all the services defined above, he/she can choose from the list.

3. Deposit - User has to enter the amount he wants to deposit and that amount will be added to his total balance.

4. Withdraw - User has to enter the amount he wants to withdraw and that amount will be deducted from his total balance, if user does not have sufficient funds, a message will be displayed
	      regarding the same.

5. Check Balance - User Account Balance will be displayed.

6. Account Details - All the User information alongwith account number, IFSC code and bank name will be displayed on the screen.

7. Log Out - User session will be ended and he will be redirected to main window.

8. Deactivate - User details will be deleted from Bank's Database and his all operations will be freezed.

 
  

